feat(pnpify): improve pnpify (#1446)
yarnpkg/berry: packages/gatsby/content/advanced/questions-and-answers.md

- `.yarn/plugins` and `.yarn/releases` contain the Yarn releases used in the current repository (as defined by [`yarn set version`](/cli/set/version)). You will want to keep them versioned (this prevents potential issues if, say, two engineers use different Yarn versions with different features).

> - `.yarn/pnpify` contains the editor SDKs generated by PnPify. You will want to keep it within your repository. See [Editor SDKs](/advanced/editor-sdks) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `.yarn/pnpify` contains the editor SDKs generated by PnPify. Whether to keep it in your repository or not is up to you; if you don't, you'll need to follow the editor procedure again on new clones. See [Editor SDKs](/advanced/editor-sdks) for more details.
```
